c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\WatermarksManagerWeb.dll.config
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\WatermarksManagerWeb.dll
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\WatermarksManagerWeb.pdb
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\obj\Debug\WatermarksManagerWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\obj\Debug\WatermarksManagerWeb.dll
c:\users\juanbl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WatermarksManager\WatermarksManagerWeb\obj\Debug\WatermarksManagerWeb.pdb
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\WatermarksManagerWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\WatermarksManagerWeb.dll
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\WatermarksManagerWeb.pdb
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\obj\Debug\WatermarksManagerWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\obj\Debug\WatermarksManagerWeb.dll
C:\Users\juanbl\Desktop\git\Word-Add-in-JS-Watermark\WatermarksManagerWeb\obj\Debug\WatermarksManagerWeb.pdb
